Ashara Dayne

Age: 34

Height: 5’9

Hair color: dark brown hair

Hairstyle: long, thick, wavy hair she wears loose that tumbles around her shoulder

Eyes: haunting violet eyes

Skin tone: fair skin

Face: all-time, generational beauty. She wasn't just locally attractive; she was a woman who completely disrupted royal courts and broke the hearts of the most legendary knights in Westerosi history.

Personality: Ashara is a dryly amused, quick-witted devoted mother to Rhaenys and Aegon. With her experience in the Westerosi courts, she acts as Aegon’s advisor. Ashara deeply loves Rhaenys and Aegon.She knows both see her as their mother now, and she loves them as if they were her own. However, Ashara harbors quiet guilt. She thinks she’s stealing Elia’s children. Like she’s replacing the woman who should’ve been there. Ashara is quite grateful that Rhaenya openly asks about Rhaeger and Elia. It gives Ashara knowledge that Rhaenys both hold Elia and her in her heart. However, Ashara worries about Aegon. Aegon already resents his father Rhaegar, and never talks or even asks about Elia. Ashara isn’t even sure if it's trauma, rage, guilt, or indifference. She just hopes it doesn't swallow Aegon whole.

Background:

After fleeing to Tyrosh with both children, Ashara immediately sold her Dayne heirlooms, jewelries, dresses, anything that had significant value, to buy a home for the three of them and to get into the silk and dye business of Tyrosh. However, when Aegon and Rhaenys were close to becoming of age, the money she got became tight because she hadn’t had enough time to save up enough where her business became passive. However, Aegon’s participation in tourneys kept them afloat. Another thing Ashara and Rhaenys felt guilty over. However, things started changing for them because Ashara and Rhaenya started leaning on their beauty to charm fellow merchants. Merchants who've never been in the dye and silk business often gave them whatever they could just from a touch of the arm and a giggle. Where they truly amassed their wealth is when Aegon became captain-general of the Golden Company because Harry Strickland, the former captain-general, now paymaster, had a sit down with Aegon and Ashara and proposed to bring the two separate businesses together. Trade and a Sellsword company. Aegon, Ashara, and Rhaenys eventually thought of using Black Balaq’s, a summer islander, connection to the Summer Isles to set up a trade. Because the summer isles lack natural high quality metals, Aegon offered the summer isle princesses an exclusive trade pact. The Golden Company will supply the Summer Isles with top-tier iron, steel tools, and raw metals (essential for their daily infrastructure, farming, and domestic tools). In exchange, the Golden Company gets the exclusive right to purchase a set amount of Goldenheart wood. However, Princess Malaya Xo (descendant of Princess Xanda Xo and her daughter Chatana Xo) of Sweet Lotus Vale of Jhala Island, negotiated another part of the deal. She wanted beautiful children with Aegon, in exchange for trading their natural spices and the rights to sell the Summer Isle exclusive Rum, as well as bringing her brother Prince Maelo Xo on Aegon’s travels. Lysono and Ashara negotiated the nature of the deal and made sure the princess did not use the child to press any sort of claim on Aegon’s eventual lands, riches and titles. Princess Malaya clarified that that was not her intention. Her child outside the summer isles would be viewed as a bastard, but in the Summer Isles, who worship beauty itself, her child with Aegon would be seen as a divine blessing and give her better standing as she already rules the most powerful region in Jhala, Sweet Lotus Vale, from the prosperous port city of Ebonhead. Aegon wouldn't even need to be a father. Just give her a child. This set up the long standing genuine relationship between the Golden Company and the Summer Isles. The Golden Company was even able to procure a fleet of Swan Ships from the Summer Isles. With having a monopoly on Goldenheart, soon being able to sell and introduce rum to the world (only needing a castle so they can directly produce it themselves and only buy the necessary ingredients from the Summer Isles), and having a fleet of swan ships, the Golden Company (along with Rhaenys, Ashara, and Aegon) have become a powerful found family.
