The Princess' Sacrifice
Long before the sack of King’s Landing ever happened, Elia Martell knew her and her children’s time were running out. She simply could not depend on Rhaegar’s victory. So she made her gamble. Elia called for Varys and they both came up with a plan. Her infant son Aegon would be swapped with a Lysene prostitute with Valyrian features, and Aegon himself would be sent to Dorne to be cared for by Elia’s lady in waiting and best friend, Ashara Dayne. Varys had trouble finding an infant with Valyrian features but was lucky enough to stumble upon a Targaryen bastard. Or perhaps it was a Blackfyre. Varys simply just did not care. Rhaenys was far easier to swap because Rhaenya was a Martell through and through. She had dark hair falling in ringlets, dark colored eyes, and olive skin. However, Rhaenys’ escape presented its own problems. Rhaenys was three years old during the Sack. She was walking, talking, and recognized by the court. To pull off this swap, Varys couldn't do it months in advance because the Mad king would notice. He had to save Aegon and send him to Dorne first, then swap Rhaenys days before the Lannister army breached the walls, finding a toddler of similar size. Elia chose not to come with her children because if Rhaegar had won, she simply could just ask for her children back from Ashara. If Robert won, Dorne would be attacked simply for harboring Targaryens. So Elia stayed back, defiant, fearless and facing her fate as the Lannister army breached the city walls. Before the Lannister army found her, she asked forgiveness from the Seven for using two innocent children to be killed with her just to save her own. After Ashara got Aegon and Rhaenys, she used the mysterious rumors around her name to fake her suicide and eventually flee to Tyrosh.
