**ACoK - Tyrosh. 299 AC**

**Aegon I**

Aegon is woken up by his sister Rhaenys and Ser Balerion who jumped on his chest and started kneading it with the grace of a creature who's never been denied anything in its fat, pampered life. Aegon wonders what the commotion is about and wonders who the naked lady–buried under the sheets–sleeping next to him is. Rhaenys doesn’t even pretend to have an idea. They just take note that her hair is vibrant green, and that Aegon stumbled back to their home late last night, piss drunk, with this young woman in hand. Rhaenys lets Aegon know that their mother (Ashara Dayne) calls for him and that Rhaenys has already made breakfast “I made eggs. Not you, Egg. Actual eggs.”. Aegon descends the stairs, not even bothering to put on a shirt. He circles the table to kiss his mother on the cheek, who makes an unamused comment on him bringing another girl home. Ashara tells him to sit and eat. She then tells him that the Archon of Tyrosh–Archon Moredo Haen–has requested the presence of the Captain-General of The Golden Company and some of its high ranking officers but did not specify what the reason for summoning was. They suddenly heard a voice from behind them saying “I also, am curious as to what the Archon of Tyrosh could possibly need the legendary sellsword company for”. They turn and it's the young lady with green hair, wearing Aegon’s kurta and presumably nothing else. Aegon bids her a good morrow but struggles to remember her name. The girl does not let it drag on and gracefully introduces herself as Vaelona Haen. Daughter of the Archon of Tyrosh. Rhaenys just sighs and says “of course. Of course you fucked the daughter of the Archon”. Ashara apologizes for Aegon’s lack of manners. Vaelona lets them know it's quite alright, since Aegon was very accommodating and thorough. As they finish their breakfast with their delightful guest, Ashara tells Vaelona that she and Rhaenys will head straight to Archon’s manse immediately and asks if Vaelona wants to walk with them, as their manse is quite near. Vaelona asks Aegon what’s he doing, and Aegon tells her he’s gonna have to head outside of the city to where the Golden Company camps to let them know of a possible contract, then take high ranking officers with them. Vaelona asks if she can come with him. Aegon tells her that of course she can, if she’s fine with riding for an hour on horseback outside the city. Vaelona says she doesn’t quite mind as she already “did a lot of riding last night”. Rhaenys giggles and Ashara just sighs.

**Aegon II**

After riding for an hour, they reach the outskirts of Tyrosh and find a massive camp filled with what must be hundreds of tents and thousands of men and women shuffling around, who suddenly tried to look like they were doing something useful when they saw her and Aegon arriving. Aegon slows his horse, dismounts and ties it around a post. A small, spindly boy greets Aegon eagerly with an exaggerated salute and introduces himself to Vaelona as Watkyn, Harry Strickland’s squire and cupbearer. Watkyn eagerly asks if Aegon needs anything. A bath, wine, to see See Stomps-a-Lot, but Aegon only told Watkyn to call Harry, Tristan, Haldon, Balaq, Jon, and Lysono to the main tent. Watkyn hurries off and Aegon and Vaelona walk to the main tent. Stares and murmurs from men and women both, seeing Aegon bring a beautiful young girl to camp. Vaelona swears she hears one lady ask another “you reckon the green-haired girl bewitched the Captain-General, lass? He never brings women here. She must be a witch. They always have colorful hair”. She also notes jealousy from maidens who appear to be around the same age as her. Aegon herds Vaelona quickly to the main tent. She sees a large banner above with the words “beneath the gold, the Bitter Steel” on it with a golden skull in a field of black above. They enter the tent and immediately see Ser Rolly Duckfield, Ser Duncan Strong, and Maelo Xo playing dice, while Ser Franklyn Flowers reads a book on a small bench. All four men greet Aegon enthusiastically. Aegon introduces the green-haired girl simply as Vaelona. Duck, Dunk, and Franklyn introduce themselves. Maelo however, instantly starts flirting only to be shut down by Vaelona with a “you’re a very beautiful man and I’m flattered, truly, but I prefer to be occupied with Aegon”. Dunk and Duck immediately start making fun of Maelo for thinking he even had a chance against “Egg”. The three immediately devolve into bickering and insulting each other’s mothers and sisters while Franklyn sighs and tries to maintain some sense of decorum. Aegon tells the four bickering men to “fuck off the table. It's business time, cunts” while heading to the high chair. The four young men immediately clear the table and find themselves chairs or the floor to sit on. Aegon tells Vaelona to sit wherever she wants. She smiles mischievously and decides to sit on her lap. Aegon laughs at her shamelessness. Moments later, the high ranking officers arrive and they begin the meeting immediately. Ser Jon Connington tries to lecture Aegon about being unseemly for a prince, but before Jon even manages to bring up Prince Rhaegar, Aegon tells him he forgets himself. Aegon tells Jon he has no say in how Aegon decides to act or present himself, and if he’s gonna derail the meeting with his unwelcomed opinion, he is free to leave, and if he doesn’t mind, Jon should keep his comments on “that cunt’s” ghost to himself. Jon stiffened and apologized. Aegon tells them of the situation regarding the Archon, the summon, the deliberate vagueness. Aegon asks Vaelona if there’s any reason for vagueness. Vaelona says that if her father is saving the discussion for a face-to-face encounter, it's most likely to avoid causing panic. Aegon says then it must be a matter of great importance. Aegon tells Lysono, Harry, Tristan, Haldon, Duck, Dunk, and Jon to saddle up, they’re riding to the Archon’s manse with him and Vaelona. Aegon tells Balaq and Maelo to ready the islanders, and tells Franklyn to ready infantry and cavalry just in case. Vaelona asks Aegon why his men call him “Egg”. She heard Rhaenys call him that too. Aegon says it's a long story. Vaelona says she has time. Aegon says unfortunately, he doesn’t right now. He does promise to tell her some other time. They ride on to the Archon’s manse. Vaelona, Aegon, Haldon, Tristan, Jon, Duck, and Dunk all walk inside. Archon Moredo is incredibly suspicious why his daughter is with The Golden Company, and is very affectionate with its Captain-General. Well, he knows. He just doesn’t want to admit it. Rhaenys and Ashara who arrived a few hours before look thoroughly amused at the Archon’s suspicion and denial. The Archon then presents them the problem and the contract. A Dothraki *khalasar* has ridden too close to the valuable dye fields and silk-presses outside the walls of Tyrosh. They usually have never been a problem, because he usually just pays them what they want. However, this time, they demand the usual tribute of gold and wine, but the Khal adds a cruel condition: one thousand young women and boys to replenish their slave lines. The Archon remembered his own green-haired daughter, imagined her in chains, and flatly refused. He, in his own good conscience, could not simply just give them young slaves knowing what they do to them. He told the Khal’s bloodriders to leave his lands. The insulted Khal immediately orders his screaming riders to torch the Tyroshi hinterlands, preparing to sack the city. The Khal gave him two days to bring the gold, wine, and slaves. If not, they will burn down the farms and enslave thousands. Archon Moredo offers 100,000 gold dragons. 50,000 thousand up front and the other 50 when the Khal is dead and the khalasar has dispersed. Aegon agrees to the contract and devises a plan to use the following day to evacuate the workers outside Tyrosh and replace them with the Golden Company’s men and the Archon’s 2000 Unsullied. The Archon agrees to the plan and tells them they can stay the night. An hour later, Vaelona comes back from the baths in her silk robes and enters her room only to find Aegon already there. She tells him her father would mount his head on a pike if he found out. Aegon simply answered that her father won’t. Vaelona smiles mischievously and tells him “you’re quite mad. I like you.” Vaelona pushes Aegon to her bed and removes her silk robes and whispers “you dare not remember my name when noon came today. I will make sure you never forget it after tonight,” as she straddles him.

**Aegon III**

The following day was spent evacuating the workers from the silk presses. However, the Khalasar came a day early and started their demands. Fortunately for Aegon, he had already stationed Black Balaq’s men in high ground, had the Unsullied hidden in the houses and tents, and his men ready to flank from behind. Aegon only meant to intimidate them. To make them accept the usual payment. However, when the Khal looked at Rhaenys and demanded her to be part of the slaves given to him, Aegon’s restraint snapped. He challenged the khal to single combat. Jon advised Aegon to rethink this. He did not have his armor on, only Blackfyre. Aegon said “then I have all that I need, ser.” The khalasar and Aegon’s men parted, ready to avenge if their leader lost. Before Aegon even drew his sword, the khal plucked a stone from his pouch and threw it at Aegon, hitting him square in the forehead and drawing blood. Aegon fell to his knee, clutching his forehead with a hand. The khal charged at him, however, with Aegon’s free hand, he grabbed a fistful of dirt and threw it at the Khal’s face, temporarily blinding him. This was all the time Aegon needed. He drew Blackfyre and with a moulinet, he beheaded the Khal. The bloodriders from the back scream. Aegon tells Jon to run and protect Rhaenya. Aegon grabs Vaelona, who was standing beside Rhaenys, and runs as the remaining dothraki and bloodriders give chase. He takes them to the narrow streets flanked on each side with houses. Aegon screams out “angōtōs” and Unsullied come pouring out from the houses, forming a shieldwall with spears, forming a bottleneck in the narrow street and the golden company pouring from behind the Khalasar. As Aegon, Vaelona, the Archon, and Aegon’s other men catch their breath behind the shield wall, Aegon sees an arrow flying towards Vaelona. Aegon reaches an arm out to shield Vaelona. The arrow punctures through Aegon’s left bicep and stabs Vaelona on her upper right chest. However, due to Aegon’s arm taking the brunt of the speed away, the damage is shallow, and only half of the arrow tip pierces her. It draws blood, but nothing life threatening. Aegon screams in pain, snaps the arrow in half, and pulls it out. Vaelona rushes to rip parts of her skirt off and wraps it around Aegon’s bicep. She tells him in exasperation, fondness, concern, and perhaps arousal “you’re quite mad! you just saved my life!” Aegon just laughs at her and reminds her it's the second time she’s called him mad. Vaelona replies that maybe she likes it that way. Aegon wraps the cloth around his arm tighter and tells her to hide, he will fight with his men. Vaelona tries to protest but relents when Aegon reminds her that this is what he does. Aegon takes a horse, circles around the narrow street all the way to the back of the khalasar to join his men in the pincer formation. Aegon yells out a command and all 100 of Balaq’s archers rise from the roofs and rain down terror with their Goldenheart bows. Aegon, Dunk, Franklyn, Duck, Maelo and the rest clean up. It only took 2 hours to thin out the khalasar to the point that they are already overwhelmed by the numbers of The Golden Company and the Unsullied. One Unsullied commander presents about 20 remaining Dothraki who gave up and asks what to do with them. Aegon looks at them with contempt, his eyes burning, and orders the Unsullied to kill them right then and there. Not even a day after the battle, the people of Tyrosh and the workers called it The Battle of The Disputed Lands. The Archon stands in the middle of the city and announces that Captain-General Aegon Targaryen and his men have delivered Tyrosh from the suffering that khalasar has been bringing them for years. The people were so grateful that they coined Aegon’s new epithet, Aegon The Deliverer.

**ACoK - Qarth. 299 AC**

**Daenaerys IV (happening exactly the same time as The Battle of the The Disputed Lands, when Aegon pulls out the arrow from his arm)**

As Daenerys prepares to go inside the House of the Undying, her dragon Rhaegal shrieks in pain. Dany and Ser Jorah Mormont are alarmed, but after a few minutes, Rhaegal calms down, breathing heavily. Moments later, after drinking shade of the evening, she enters the House of The Undying and sees prophetic visions. She sees a glimpse of a feast of corpses and a man with auburn hair and a crown, dying until a dragon arrives and saves him. Her childhood home with the red door. Her brother speaking to his son born under a red comet, saying “Aegon... What better name for a king? He is the prince that was promised, and his is the song of ice and fire. There must be one more. The dragon has three heads." Finally, she sees a giant dragon on the tip of a mountain overlooking the sea, breathing fire at the sky so strong it clears the clouds and brings sunshine, tons of people worshipping him from below.

**ACoK - Tyrosh. 299 AC**

**Aegon IV**

The next few weeks are spent on Harry Strickland now keeping the books on the 100,000 gold dragons they were paid with, paying their men, Aegon’s recovery from having an arrow fully puncture his bicep–with Haldon hard at work–and Aegon and Vaelona deepening their relationship. So much so that the Archon wondered why Aegon had not asked for his daughter’s hand in marriage yet. He was convinced they were in love. In Ashara’s manse, as Aegon recovers from his wound, Vaelona tells him about her fond memories of spending her childhood in Dorne’s Water Gardens with Princess Arianne and Nymeria Sand, that Princess Arianne was supposed to be fostered in Tyrosh as the Archon’s cupbearer but Princess Arianne’s mother forbid it. Aegon tells Vaelona his story, why his men and sister call him Egg, and his dream of bringing his mother, sister. and brothers home. Vaelona pulls down her dress’ collar to show him the scar she got on her upper right chest area. The same one he has on his bicep. They have matching scars. Vaelona japes  that now, Aegon will quite literally never forget her name. The one imperfection in his otherwise perfect body, is a scar he got from saving her life. Aegon teases that she’s in the exact same boat. Her smooth skin was ruined by a scar, and now she will never forget his name. Vaelona just tells him “you’re quite mad. You think I’d ever be able to forget you? Mad, I say”

**Aegon V**

A month later in The Golden Company’s camp in The Disputed Lands, Lysono tells Aegon of the acting Hand of the King of Westeros, Tyrion Lannister, reaching out to The Golden Company to hire their services in the current war raging on in Westeros. Lysono gives him a brief rundown. The Starks and Lannisters feud, the King executing Lord Paramount of The North–Eddard Stark–and his son avenging him, marching south to declare independence. Baratheon brothers fighting for their own claims. The smallfolk are rioting against the boy-king. Everyone looked at each other and knew this was it. Their Captain-General’s wish, and their way home. However, Aegon was deeply disgusted at the thought of helping a Lannister. They did rape and murder their mother and “killed” him and Rhaenys brutally. This started bickering and arguments splitting the Golden Company in half. One side seeing a perfect way to enter Westeros without much bloodshed, the other refusing to fight for Lannisters on their Captain-General’s behalf. Aegon left without a word and headed to the farthest part of the camp, where Ser Stomps-a-Lot was resting. Aegon just decided to sit with his thoughts while leaning on his elephant but was quickly interrupted when Vaelona followed and sat next to him. Aegon notes that Vaelona is taking it well, considering this means he might be leaving. Vaelona answered that she knew he was never gonna stay. She wasn’t sad about it. She was simply making the most out of the time they have. Aegon apologizes but Vaelona tells him not to. Her life has been a boring droll tragedy before she met him. Now, a man has snuck on her chambers, disregarding that her father could have had his head on a spike, she was in the middle of an active war, he saved her life, he got to feed and play with elephants, sit at councils like a woman grown. She got to live such an exciting life she would have never thought she’d be able to live as an Archon’s daughter, and yet she lived a lifetime of adventures with him in just a month, perhaps two. Now, she can face the future of a political life knowing she lived a full adventure with a dashing, more-god-than-man warrior before she even got to her early 20s. Aegon lays his head on her lap. Vaelona senses his stress and asks if she can offer insight. Aegon tells her of course. Vaelona tells him that she doesn’t know what the Lannisters did to him or his family, but she could gather from the Golden Company’s reaction that it wasn’t anything good. She tells him she understands it must be for him. So she suggests making it easy. Aegon laughs at the absurdity of her advice. Vaelona giggles and tells him to hear her out, she has an actual logic behind it. She asks him if his hatred for the Lannisters is stronger than his drive to bring his family home? If he rejected and this was his only shot to get back home without causing a war, would he be able to forgive himself if he was still in Tyrosh 20 years from now? Aegon is studden. Vaelona smugly remarks that yeah, she knows, she’s brilliant. Now he should go to his family and talk about it with them instead of laying on her lap like a child. Aegon remarks that her lap is lovely and he loves being on it. Vaelona bites back that “so is what’s in between my legs, and you love being IN it”. Both share a laugh.

**Aegon VI**

A few hours later, Ashara visits Rhaenys’ room just to check on her. She finds Rhaenys sleeping, Ser Balerion curled up on her forehead, and Aegon playing a soft, slow, beautiful tune on his harp. Ashara smiles at the sight and sits next to Aegon just to listen to the tune he's playing. Aegon tells Ashara he's gonna accept the job and get everyone home. Ashara asks if he's sure about it. Aegon says he is. If this was his only shot to get everyone home and he let pride get in his way, he would never forgive himself. Ashara says she won’t pile on his problems by telling what to do, but she hopes Aegon finds a dream for himself. Being selfish isn’t a bad thing. Aegon says it doesn’t sound that way. Ashara asks him “to what end?” Aegon asks what she means. Ashara clairifies “to what end will you go to for this dream? Westeros is not as simple as claiming a castle and living out your days peacefully.” Aegon says “until nobody can hold losing our home over our heads, mother.” Ashara says that is exactly what she fears. Most of Westeros’ most despicable acts were born from love of one’s family. It is exactly why she hopes Aegon could be selfish, even just a little bit. Even over trivial matters. Aegon says he will think about it.

**Aegon VII**

Deep in the dead of night on the same day, Aegon calls an emergency council for the highest ranking officers and his mother. Aegon lays out his plan for the Golden Company’s payment. Everyone is a little confused because it’s always been gold. Aegon says they’ve been living comfortably for almost a year now since he merged the Golden Company with his and his mother’s business, along with the running contract with Princess Malaya Xo. Aegon argues that, while they do make a lot of money per contract, it is also a very inconsistent source of gold. Because they are an expensive company to hire, they don’t get contracts on a consistent basis, and because they are a legendary company, they're usually hired for high-scale dangerous jobs, which results in dead men. They got lucky this time because the terrain worked in their favor, and the Dothraki refuses to use tactics like simpletons. So Aegon says instead of gold, they will ask for a castle. Lysono’s eyes widened and said this could work. From what he knows about the current scope of Westeros, the crown is lacking in soldiers, and most lords are maintaining neutrality. The hand is desperate to gather reinforcement which is why he still decided to hire the golden company despite being in debt. The only problem is which castle do they ask for? Ashara nods and asks Aegon to give her a day to talk and study the current situation of most houses to figure out the best possible castle they could realistically ask for with Lysono. Aegon agrees and gives them until the same time tomorrow. Aegon heads to the Archon’s manse, into Vaelona’s chambers. Aegon notes to himself that the guards don’t even try to stop him from entering her chambers anymore, which makes it more efficient, but less fun. Aegon lays beside his lover, and Vaelona, deep in sleep, seeks his warmth immediately and cuddles up to him.

**Aegon VIII**

The next day, the very hour Aegon told them to  reconvene, they were already at the tent. Aegon arrives with Vaelona, her arm looped around Aegon’s. Aegon asks his mother if they had found a castle for their plan? Lysono says they have, but gives the floor to Ashara because it was her wit ans knowledge of Westerosi politics that allowed them to choose which castle should be their boon. Ashara gracefully takes a step forward, in front of her son’s high chair and does a teasing curtsy as she greets him with a “your grace.” Aegon just rolls his eyes and chuckles at his mother’s antics. Ashara says the castle they shall take is Stonehelm. A coastal castle on the Dornish Marches, situated on a low cliff along the Sea of Dorne, which sits on the mouth of the river Slayne and has a port city built into a cave with stairs that go up to Stonehelm. Ashara explains that it's realistically the best possible castle the Lannister can grant. Lord Gulian Swann refuses to send levies to the throne for a war that decides the realm’s king, his eldest son–Donnel Seann–fights for Stannis and actively committing treason, and Lord Gulian’s younger son–Balon Swann–is set to become a Kingsguard, meaning he cannot be heir. If the Golden Company ensures the crown’s victory, the Lannister will surely have reason to strip them of their lands and power. A few more reasons are that it's one of the few castles with a port for their fleet and summer isle trade, direct sea access to the Sea of Dorne, and is on the Dornish Marches, which acts as the border to Dorne. Dorne could be possible allies in the future, Aegon and Rhaenys are half Martell after all, as well as Ashara being from House Dayne which is a vassal house of House Martell. Ashara notes that while Aegon doesn’t have to immediately think of allying with Dorne–Doran is a careful man and would be nervous regarding Aegon and Rhaenys–he should surely consider this as something to investigate. Aegon nods and says this is a great plan, and his mother has truly outdone herself. Ashara says the only thing left is sending someone to negotiate the terms. It cannot be by raven. Aegon says it cannot be him and Rhaenys, it could jeopardize the negotiation, they should only reveal their existence during the war and it is over and they have royal decrees. It cannot be his mother, it would alarm everyone else. It surely cannot be Lysono, look at him, any sane man would not trust him (this prompts a scowl from Lysono). Aegon decides it should be Harry. Harry, to the rest of the world, is still Captain-General of the Golden Company. The Archon of Tyrosh has helped with concealing Aegon’s identity immensely. Ashara and everyone else asks why Harry? Aegon says Harry is unremarkably dull. He’s fat, he has bunions, he's balding at his age, and he is without a doubt, the most unthreatening man alive. Harry tries to defend himself but Aegon humorously shuts it down by reminding him about the instance of Harry yelping like a maiden as Aegon’s mother put down a plate on Harry’s table, and Harry immediately draws a sword at Ser Balerion who just jumped out from the bushes. Harry deflates and says those are fair points. Aegon then states that it is then decided that Harry Strickland shall leave at dawn for Blackwater Bay with a small vanguard and negotiate the terms. The terms are, in exchange for helping the crown and winning the battle, the crown will grant them Stonehelm. Everyone agrees. Aegon dismisses the meeting. Aegon and Vaelona remain in the tent. Vaelona asks Aegon how long it’s gonna take for Harry to arrive in Westeros, negotiate and come back. Aegon says at the very most, it will take Harry 4 to 6 days. Travel from Tyrosh to Blackwater Bay is 2-3 days depending on the winds, and Swan Ships are the fastest in the world. Vaelona then declared to Aegon that for his remaining days in Tyrosh, she will keep him to herself. Aegon tells her not to threaten him with a lovely time. Vaelona says “you’re quite mad, Deliverer. I will miss you.” Both ride hard to the Archon’s manse to remain in each other’s presence for the remaining time.

**Aegon IX**

The remaining days before Harry’s return were mostly spent by Aegon and Vaelona by themselves. Trying to make the most out of their numbered days. However, on one particular day, Aegon enters Ashara’s room as she brushes her hair. Aegon gently takes the brush and starts brushing her hair himself. Ashara just smiles as she looks at the mirror seeing her sweet, beautiful boy never having grown out of his love for her hair. Aegon then states that Rhaenys has been talking to Jon, and Rhaenys told him (Aegon) interesting things. Ashara, amused by Aegon dancing around what he wants to ask, just says “she does that, sweet boy. Now ask your question. You think a mother could not tell if her son is taken by curiosity?” Aegon then asks about her supposed dishonoring at Harrenhall, the dance, who she supposedly fell in love with, the stillborn daughter. Ashara giggles and says that she expected this from Rhaenys, but Aegon participating in gossip is something she’d never imagined. Aegon tries to deflect and feign disinterest. But when Ashara began to tell the story, Aegon was listening intently, which made Ashara giggle. She is happy that Aegon allows himself to be a child, even if only on occasion. Ashara tells Aegon that Westeros tends to be dramatic and they love romanticizing things as if life was just one big song. There was no dishonoring. There was no stillborn daughter. Ashara simply giggles at Westeros’ antics and brushes it off. Ashara clarifies that Brandon Stark simply approached her at Harrenhall to ask her to dance. Brandon originally intended to ask Ashara to dance with his brother Eddard Stark because Eddard was too shy to ask himself. However, Brandon got so captivated by her beauty that he courted her instead. And if shs was being honest, Brandon was more so her type. Ashara goes on to say that she had a fun and youthful evening with Brandon Stark and that’s all she’ll say. She will not speak of her escapades as a young girl with her son. All she’ll say is that she had already lost her maidenhood way before she ever met Brandon Stark. Ashara leaves it at “Dornish women are not objects to be dishonored, my sweet boy. We simply make mistakes or have fun” with a cheeky wink. Now as to her apparent suicide, she could have stayed in Starfall. Raised Aegon and Rhaenys as Daynes, but she didn’t want to hide who they are from them, and have them take a name that wasn’t theirs. The war also took its toll on her. She had lost her brother, and her best friend (Elia), she was not about to watch the Lannisters parade the “ dead bodies” of Aegon and Rhaenys, and watch the king pardon her best friend’s murderer. So she left with two beautiful children she will eventually have the greatest honor of raising as her own. Ashara says that she had her reasons to fake her own death, and simply used the rumors and mystery surrounding her name but she was never that fragile. Aegon smiles and kisses her on the cheek. He says “I never believed it for one second, mother. I knew you weren’t a tragic lady to be mourned. You’re the strongest woman I know.”

**Aegon X**

A week later, on the docks, Aegon says his goodbye to his old life as he sails to his new one. Archon Moredo gives Aegon a warm embrace. He cannot help but express his disappointment that Aegon and his daughter did not marry, he would hope she’d find a husband she actually likes, but with Aegon leaving, nobody will ever compare to him. Even the Archon admits so. But he did tell Aegon that Vaelona talked to him and expressed that it is precisely because she already lived a lifetime of adventure with Aegon that she can face her royal duties with arms wide open. Archon says that Aegon has changed Tyrosh for the better, left it better than he found it. He’s delivered them from constant fear of the Dothraki. Archon Moredo guarantees that once Aegon is ready to sell that Isle Rum, Tyrosh will be a long lasting partner. They share one last embrace before Aegon turns to Vaelona and everyone else gives them the privacy then can at the docks. Vaelona cradled Aegon’s face with a hand and says “you’re quite mad. If you were staying, I’d marry you.” Aegon places his hand on top of hers, tracing circles around it and answers “aye. My lady. And if pigs had wings and scales and breathed flame, they’d be as good as dragons.” Both laugh. Vaelona stands on her tip toes, pulls down Aegon by the collar and kisses him passionately. The years they would never get to spend together because of their different paths poured into that kiss. Aegon, still breathless, asks “was that for safe travels?” Vaelona giggles and says “no, it wasn’t. It was for me. This, is for safe travels” as she plants a soft, lingering kiss on his cheeks. Aegon smiles and says “I shall carry it with me, Lady Vaelona. As well as the mark we both bare, across the narrow sea.” Vaelona looks up at him and bids farewell, “good bye, Deliverer. I hope to hear of your many great deeds in Westeros. Do not let them change you.” Aegon smiles at her, “never, my lady. They never could even with a thousand knights and maesters. As for you, don’t hold it against your husband-to-be if he’s not me!” Vaelona giggles, “I most certainly will!” Vaelona watches Aegon climb up on the beautiful swan ship with eyes filled with love, emotion, and a lifetime’s worth of memories. She watches the sails drop and the ship begin moving. From the railing, Aegon calls out to her. Vaelona glances at him, watching him wave enthusiastically like a child and shout “let us try again in the next life!” Vaelona’s eyes brighten and let out a big, beautiful smile as she laughs “you are quite mad, as I’d said! Fine! Come and find me then! I’ll be waiting! Make sure you’re still handsome by then!” As Aegon begins to drift further and further, he shouts one last time “I will! And I’ll find you, my lady! I swear I will!” Vaelona watches the ship disappear over the horizon with her heart full. She turns her back, loops her arm around her father’s, ready to face the next stage of her life with full confidence.

**ACoK - Blackwater Bay. 299 AC (Battle of Blackwater)**

**Aegon XI**

Wildfire, soldiers screaming, and the sound of metal singing fill the air. It is chaos. The battle rages on. Wildfire had just taken out most of Stannis’s fleet and Tyrion’s chain had locked them in Blackwater bay. The gold cloaks and whatever levies Tyrion could muster, fights against Stannis’ host. Tyrion is on the ground being tended to by Podrick Payne after he had just been attacked by Ser Mandon Moore and saved by Podrick. Ser Bronn of Blackwater continues to fight on the beach, but sees that despite the chain and the wildfire, they are still losing to Stannis’ men. Suddenly, Bronn spots a small fleet of swan ships bearing the sigil of golden skulls strung on a crimson spear, on a maroon field. One of the gold cloaks asks Bron–the current Lord Commander–if the fleet are Stannis’ men. Bronn instantly recognizes the sigil as he was in Tyrion’s personal room as Hand when the negotiation went down. Bronn says "Lower your iron, you bloody idiot! Those are the ones the imp bought. Treat ‘em like your own mothers! I will make contact with their Captain-General!” Golden Company members start jumping down to the shores and charging into battle roaring. Bronn tries to talk to one of them but is ignored. Then, another man lands right beside him clad in black armor with menacing clawed gauntlets, wears no helm, and has a red surcoat over his breastplate. The man was beautiful. Even Bron, who’d never cared for the beauty of men, noticed it. The young man looked like a story came to life. Bronn instantly recognizes the sigil on the left breast of the surcoat. Bronn says “fuck me, you’re one of those dragons. I thought you lot were to die across the Narrow Sea?” The young man said “the name’s Aegon. Aegon Targaryen. You could call me Egg if you’d like. And yes, ‘were to die’ but we’re quite stubborn. Or maybe it's just me” with a shrug. Bronn asks where their fat captain-general is, and Aegon says that man WAS their captain-general, but for about three years, it’s been him. Bronn comments that Aegon is a pretty boy, and if he was Captain-General, then essosi sellswords weren’t as tough as he thought. Aegon just smirked and draws Blackfyre. Bronn could tell it was Valyrian Steel. The bloody sword sang as it was drawn. Bronn glances at his own sword, and glances at “Egg’s”. It’s longer and broader than any longsword he’s ever seen. Bronn japes “well, way to make a man feel inadequate, lad.” Aegon just chuckles and walks on, “it was not my intention, ser, but I tend to have that effect on men.” Bronn just shakes his head, but the moment is ruined by 4 of Stannis’ men rushing them. Bronn readies his sword but Aegon calmly walks forward and spins his sword once. He weaves left to avoid a slash, stabs the man’s leg and kicks him down to the water. Another one throws an overhand slash but Aegon parries it and throws a counter-riposte, Blackfyre cutting through armor like cake. The next one approaches and Aegon feints right, making the knight raise his guard, then Aegon spins right and beheads the knight. Before the next man could even prepare a slash, Aegon already had Blackfyre stopped at the man’s throat. The blade singing again as it comes to a stop. The man takes off his helm and raises his hand. Aegon raises a brow, the man was young, looked about the same age as he was, or close enough that it did not matter. But Aegon noticed that the man had Valyrian features. Striking silver hair, yet did not have violet eyes. This man had green-blue eyes. Aegon asks if the man was a Targaryen. The man introduced himself as Aurane Waters, bastard of Driftmark, and says he yields. Aegon calls one of his men to arrest him and take him away. Bronn walks to Aegon and says “right then. So you’re not just a pretty boy with a big sword. You actually know how to use it. My lady friends tell me that’s the part that actually matters.” Aegon laughs and says that after the battle, maybe they can both make some more lady friends together, and it’ll be his treat. Bronn says he won’t say no to that. Aegon tells him to then make sure he doesn’t die. Aegon folds an arm over his sword and wipes the blood from the blade with his sleeve, then starts marching forward. Bronn asks him where he's going, and Aegon tells him he’s off to finish the battle as soon as possible. No reason for good men to die. Aegon jogs on. Bronn watches Aegon disappear deep into the battle and thinks to himself “that’s one quite mad lad.” A few moments later, Aegon is joined by Dunk, Denys, Duck, Franklyn, and Maelo. Denys tells Aegon that Jon is leading the infantry men to make sure no enemy breaches the gate, and Denys himself is here to join Aegon on whatever chaos he causes. Battle is always fun with Aegon. Aegon says it’s good they’re looking for fun, because he's about to cut through Stannis’ line and challenge him to single combat to end it all before more people die. All 5 men nod and sprint towards Stannis and his guards. The six of them charge through enemy lines. Just six. Each one was skilled and strong enough to take on 1-3 each, alone. The very image of these six men just decimating Stannis’ line boosts the gold cloaks’ morale and everyone starts cheering. Aegon and his 5 brothers-in-arms are getting dangerously close to Stannis, who’s in the back, about to climb the ladder over the wall. A fine knight, Ser Donnel Swan, blocks Aegon’s path and challenges him to a single combat. Aegon accepts, and wastes no time, lunging at Ser Donnel immediately. Ser Donnel prepares a diagonal horizontal slash, but Aegon got close too fast and just blocks it with his bracers, not having enough velocity, it doesn’t even nicks Aegon’s bracers. Aegon shoves sword upwards, kicks Ser Donnel in the knee, breaking it, forcing Ser Donnel on one knee, and Aegon spins Blackfyfe and smashes Ser Donnel’s face with it, knocking Ser Donnel unconscious. Stannis’ men start panicking as there’s no distance between them and this terrifying knight now. Aegon screams at Stannis “STANNIS! YOUR BROTHER DEFEATED MY CUNT OF A FATHER IN SINGLE COMBAT! LET’S SEE HOW YOU DO AGAINST THE CUNT’S SON!” Stannis’ men panic further. They know their king by now. He is a terrifying commander and tactician, but he wasn’t a deadly swordsman by any means. And despite that, they knew Stannis would still agree to single combat. So to save their king and their own lives, Stannis’ men gang up to drag Stannis away who is kicking and screaming, commanding his men to stay and fight. Stay and fight, damn them! 3 brave men stay behind to stall Aegon. Aegon sighs, and asks them “do you wish to yield?” The men bravely tell him they’ve stayed to die for their king, and would rather be granted death in battle rather than imprisonment. Aegon asks their names. As they answer, Aegon tells them he will make sure their families are taken care of for their bravery. On the mud, lying with a concussion and a slashed nose, Tyrion’s vision starts to haze. The last thing he feels is rain pouring down on him and everyone else. The last thing he sees is a beautiful man standing alone on the beach, the water rushing to his ankles before it retreats. He is surrounded by dead bodies. The young man looks up at the sky, appears to be muttering words Tyrion can’t make up. The rain washing down the blood from the beautiful man’s face, silver hair and armor. The last thing he hears is the men chanting “Deliverer! Deliverer! Deliverer!” before he fully passes out.

**ACoK - The Red Keep. 299 AC**

**Epilogue**

“Lyonel, Arlan, Laenor,” Aegon mumbles repeatedly as the rain washes down the blood from his face, hair and armor. Three brave men who asked for death. Three honorable men. Men who didn’t even have last names, just a place to tie them back to. “Of Blackwater,” he recalls their words. They were born there and they died there. Aegon would make sure their families knew they died as men who fought for what they believed in, and their families would be well compensated. One of Aegon’s men lets him know a host flying Lannister and Tyrell banners are coming, lots of them. Aegon tells his men to gather inside the Red Keep and leave the Lannister-Tyller host to clean up the remnants, so they can share in the glory. The Golden Company has finished its contract, the battle is won. A few minutes later, Aegon enters the throne room where Cersei Lannister sat with a young Tommen on her lap, holding a small glass vial. Aegon grins and says “the battle is over, your grace. Stannis has been driven out, his army is retreating, and the King is still King.” Cersei, of course, is very confused and asks Aegon who he is. Aegon, charming as he is, introduces himself as Egg, which only made Cersei even more confused. Aegon, sensing the confusion, remembers that his mother Ashara had told him to introduce himself formally, with his given name, when speaking in Westeros. So he reintroduces himself as Aegon Targaryen. Cersei, of course, immediately realized which Aegon this was. The age, the name, it was all too glaring to be coincidence, but more specifically, the face. That was Rhargar’s face. Cersei drinks in the sight of Aegon and thinks to herself “had any man ever been so beautiful? But he is not merely a man. He is closer to god than man. Just like his father. His blood is the blood of old Valyria, the blood of dragons and men.” Cersei’s past obsession with Rhaegar comes rushing back as Aegon’s men come pouring and Aegon declares he’ll be protecting the castle unti the enemy has either left King’s Landing or has been apprehended. Cersei reinforces this and names Aegon as temporary castellan, just until her father shows up. Aegon agrees and whispers something to Ser Franklyn Flowers and Haldon, who both venture deeper into The Red Keep. When Cersei asked where they were going, Aegon simply answers that his men will only check the castle for remaining enemies whose goal might be to assassinate her or the king. Cersei immediately drops her guard. Aegon then clarifies how they ended up here, and as soon as he gets what’s promised to him, they’ll be out of her hair. Cersei couldn’t fathom why Aegon only asked of Stonehelm, she was paranoid. Tommen asks Aegon if he was there to save them like a prince from a song. Aegon smiles and says “even better than the songs, little prince.” Tommen brightens up. Tommen says that the butt of Aegon’s sword looks very cool. Aegon chuckles and says that is what he would call a pommel, and he agrees, it IS very cool. Cersei immediately asks if that’s Blackfyre. Aegon simply says “aye, your grace. Sword of The Conqueror and The Warrior Himself, and now, yours truly, the Deliverer” with a playful bow. Cersei knows the danger of that sword being in possession of a magnetic man like Aegon but she’s far too distracted with the man herself to grasp the severity. She calls it an impressive sword for a young man, and Aegon replies that he IS an impressive young man. Cersei’s grip on her chalice tightens and could only respond with “so you say.” Soon after Tywin arrives, already on edge the moment he opens the doors, confused why the main battle was already won and the soldiers outside are chanting “The Deliverer!” He finds a strange man, unmistakably of Valyrian descent, sitting on the steps leading to the throne, leaned back on the steps above him. After Cersei briefly summarizes what happened, and who the strange man was, Tywin immediately turns to Aegon and flatly asks him why shouldn’t he just have him seized. Aegon stands up, walks towards Tywin, and the shift was felt. Cersei could barely recognize the charming idiot a few seconds ago. In his place, stands a stoic prince. However, Cersei feels incredibly irritated she could not hear the conversation between Aegon and her father. Aegon tells Tywin “you COULD have me seized, yes. The question is would you be able to? I urge you to count, my lord. Most of your forces are outside the city walls. I have far more men here than you do. Let’s just say they wouldn’t be quite fond if I was suddenly seized right here. Mostly? I’m told Lannisters always pay their debts. I assume House Lannister’s word still means something. Then there’s also the place we’re standing on.” Tywin asks what he means. Aegon says, almost as a whisper “you are standing on the floor soaked in my mother’s blood, my lord. People say us Targaryens are liable to go mad, don’t they? Being seized right here would certainly drive someone mad. What was it about Targaryens being born and the Gods flipping a coin?” Tywin stares down Aegon, then asks if that’s a threat. Aegon simply says to “call it a tactical observation.” After a beat, Tywin finally relents. Tywin says that Aegon shouldn’t head home first. The King will want a ceremony to give his favors to the “heroes” of Blackwater. Aegon says he and his men will find their own place to sleep on. He can smell the stench of shit and piss from Flea Bottom all the way here. Aegon starts walking away, stops by a lit candle, snuffs it out by pinching it, glances at Tywin and mutters “Mēnā sēte, jorala aoho jēda amāzisa” (sooner or later, your time will come) as he walks away with a bone chilling smirk. Tywin could only ask himself “Tyrion, my son, what did you let into Westeros?”

**ASoS - Aegon’s personal room. Chataya’s brothel. Streets of Silk. King’s Landing. 299 AC**

**Prologue**

Deep in the dead of night, with two prostitutes currently being intimate in his bed, Aegon sits on a desk across Chataya–the owner of the establishment–and Alayaya, Chataya’s daughter, a highly sought after woman for her services. Both women are Summer Islanders. Aegon asks Alayaya to show him her bruises. Alayaya stands, turns around and takes off her dress, showing severe bruises and proof of her being beaten. Aegon asks both why has this happened? Chataya explains that Queen Cersei eventually found out that Lord Tyrion is supposedly in love with a courtesan at Chataya's. Believing Alayaya is Tyrion's true lover, Queen Cersei has her seized, beaten, and threatened to keep Lord Tyrion in line. Alayaya says she did not reveal Tyrion’s secret, because she keeps her word. Aegon commends her for her bravery and says he will see Lord Tyrion before the ceremony to see what he’s about. Alayaya says that unlike other Lannisters, Tyrion is much approachable, can be kind, and not cruel like his family. Aegon says he will keep that in mind, but also clarifies that the reason they called him here is for a business proposition. Chataya raises a brow and says her business is successful enough to not need hand outs. She's not in the business of owing debts to anyone, kind, dashing prince or not. Aegon assures her this is not a hand out but mutually beneficial. Aegon proposes that he buys out their business. The brothel, to everyone else, will be owned by him. And because it is owned by him, it gives them protection. The crown can no longer just grab a whore from the premises without stepping on his “property”. In exchange, Chataya, Alayaya, and the rest of the courtesans work as spies for them. High born lords love hearing themselves talk about how great they are, most often to a woman in their bed. He needs that information, as well as a permanent base when he is in King’s Landing because it smells atrocious in the Red Keep, which makes both women giggle. Even who buys their services is information enough. Chataya admits that she would be stupid if she declines this offer but this is still very generous for women that the Faith look down on. Chataya asks what other reason could he have? Surely the prince could just buy out any building and make that his pleasure house. Aegon then admits that he does have a personal reason for this. The very fact that both of them are Summer Islanders. Both are a little surprised. Aegon explains his connection to the Summer Isles. How they are a loyal trading partner, how he has about a hundred elite archers composed of Summer Islanders, including its commander and the second in command who is also a close friend, and his relationship with Princess Malaya Xo and their son. Both women now feel a sense of kinship with Aegon as he explains that he also respects their religion and spent time in the temples of love when he was there. Chataya places her hand over Aegon’s and says she will be honored to be his business partner. Alayaya is now deeply grateful for her newly found safety. Aegon clarifies that he will only own the business in name, any money they make is solely theirs and they don’t need to pay a single penny to Aegon. Just a floor and rooms for him, and information. Shortly after, a knock on the door comes. Franklyn and Balaq come in, reporting that they’ve properly mapped out the tunnel, and Balaq even compliments Franklyn’s memory. Aegon asks about the “other thing”. Franklyn reaches into a pouch and pulls out a necklace–unmistakably made of Valyrian steel, with 3 interlocking rings inside a bigger ring (Borromean Rings), and a ruby in the middle of the interlocked rings–and places it on Aegon’s palm. Chataya gasps. Aegon smiles warmly and asks if Chataya knows about this. Chataya nods and says it was Prince Daemon Targaryen’s gift to the young Princess Rhaenyra. A valyrian steel necklace. It was passed down and eventually, Prince Rhaegar gifted it to Princess Elia. Aegon smiles and says that’s exactly it. He’s been looking for it, and it also serves as proof for something in the future. Aegon shakes Chataya and Alayaya’s hand, stands up, and stretches. Aegon tells them “you’re a lovely bunch, but I have women in my bed having fun without me. Lady Alayaya, please see Haldon the Halfmaester for your wounds, and when you’ve recovered, visit me, yes?” with a wink. Alayaya smiles and promises she will. Chataya, Alayaya, Balaq, and Franklyn (who is looking everywhere but the bed) make their exit.

**ASoS - Tyrion’s Chambers. 299 AC**

**Aegon I**

2 hours before the ceremony, Aegon enters Tyrion’s chambers after sneaking past the guards and distracting them. Once he gets in, he finds a beautiful young woman, barely taller than 5 feet, leaning back on the window. She had short dark hair, big dark eyes, and was wearing a black nightgown which was very thin and easily see-through and Aegon could immediately tell she wasn’t wearing anything underneath. He could see her breasts and her “intimate lower lips”, though she made no effort to cover herself. Aegon just smiles and says, “well, they never told me Lord Tyrion was a beautiful woman. Apologies for the intrusion, my lady.” The young woman giggles and says that she’s not Tyrion! Her name is Shae! And she is… a handmaiden. Aegon chuckles and says “sure. A handmaiden, Lady Shae. Let’s call it that.” Aegon walks to the mahogany table across the bed, keeping a respectful distance, sits on top of it, and grabs a fig. He knew what this was. She was a courtesan, Aegon could tell. Not particularly prudish and she was very capable of seducing men with a look, and she had jewelry on her. She doesn’t seem stupid enough to steal them. If she was here without Lord Tyrion, and had jewelry most highborn ladies don’t even own, then Tyrion must be very fond of her. Shae sits on the bed, still not covering herself up, slightly pushing her chest out. Aegon chuckles, raises a brow and says “no need for that, Shae. I won’t use this against you just to bed you. I don’t need to resort to manipulation to get a woman in my bed. I’m sure you can tell” with a wink. Shae’s breath catches. She composed herself and asked his name and what he wanted. Aegon simply introduced himself as “Egg The Dashing Knight,” and was only here to discuss some things with Tyrion. Shae giggled at his name but says she will keep him company until Lord Tyrion arrives from the maesters. About half an hour later, Tyrion comes in, heavily bandaged, still dizzy, a little irritated after his father gave him a verbal beatdown for letting a Tagaryen prince back into Westeros. Only then did Tyrion realize he was tricked. He was irritated, sure, he got in trouble for that, but also, some part of him deeply respected the move and was curious about this Prince Aegon The Deliverer. Tyrion would come to find that his curiosity would quickly satiated because the last man he saw before he passed out is currently in his chambers, across from his lover, who makes little effort to cover herself and is currently giggling at the beautiful man who is eating a fig as he sits on the table, swinging his legs like a child. Tyrion feels a tinge of jealousy but Aegon quickly hops off of the table and pulls out two chairs for him and Tyrion. Aegon says “ah! The halfman who led the forces, saved the capital first, and lost his nose and seat on the Small Council for it! Good morrow, my lord!” As Tyrion carefully sits from across Aegon, Aegon tells Tyrion “no need to be alarmed, my lord. I quite fancy trysts and forbidden romance myself! I slept with the Archon’s daughter and didn’t even know until she told me the next day!” with a laugh. Aegon continues on, “please, my lord! Sit. I am merely here to apologize for my trickery and using your desperation against you. You were desperate for sellswords to save the city. I was desperate for a coastal castle to bring my family home. It seemed like a fair trade to me.” Tyrion jokes that his father Tywin told him that Aegon’s family only spoke in fire and blood. His father never mentioned they offered comfortable chairs and will eat his fruit. Both laugh at each other’s wit, but Tyrion knew this young man was dangerous. He needed no proof of his lineage, this boy would make every woman in the realm weep. He could steal Shae from him without paying her gold. Tyrion asks Aegon if that’s the only thing he’s here for. Aegon says he's here for two things. Aegon places three large, heavy pouches on the table. 500 gold dragons on each pouch. One for Laenor of Blackwater, one for Lyonel of Blackwater, and for Arlan of Blackwater. He asks Tyrion to have someone to give that to their families, and tell them that their sons, brothers, fathers, all died fighting bravely, and died as knights. Personally knighted by himself in their deaths. So make sure to call them Ser. Tyrion nods and asks what about the other thing? Aegon reaches into a small pouch and dangles the Valyrian steel necklace. Tyrion realizes this is Princess Elia Martell’s necklace but is confused because Aegon surely did not need it to validate his identity. He looked like a taller, more muscled Rhaegar, gods be good! Aegon simply asks Tyrion that, if someone’s personal lap dog raped and killed someone, yet the master of that personal lapdog had the victim’s belongings, but the master insists he had nothing to do with it, what would Tyrion say? Tyrion raises a brow and says that the master is lying. If his lap dog did that unprompted, why would the lapdog give the belongings to his master? Why not keep it to himself? Aegon chuckles and says thank you and stands up ready to leave. Tyrion’s eyes widens as he realizes Aegon was talking about Gregor Clegane (the lapdog), Tywin Lannister (the master), and Princess Elia Martell (the victim). Tyrion asks if Argon means to start a war. Aegon says “not quite.” Tyrion should be scared. Should be terrified. But he could not help himself. He was curious about the young man. He was fascinated by Aegon! Aegon was clearly bright, capable, and magnetic. He wanted to see what Aegon would do. Tyrion warns Aegon that his father Tywin will look for ways to strip him of Stonehelm. Aegon, with a bone chilling smirk, says “well, tell your father this for me. He can send anyone. He can send anyone to try to take Stonehelm from me…. but don’t send anyone you want back.” Tyrion immediately gets goosebumps. Aegon hands Shae with a pouch filled with gold and says “my lady. For your time and company,” and walks out as he flashes a lazy salute. Shae, face twisted in an adorable pout, asks Tyrion who was that? How can a simple knight be that rich? Tyrion simply says “that, my sweet, is a prince. Prince Aegon Targaryen.”

ASoS - The Red Keep. 299 AC.

Aegon II

The people were already buzzing. Tywin was given the King’s favor and his position as Hand of the King back, Loras asked for king Joffrey to take his sister Margaery’s hand for marriage as a prize, and Garlan Tyrell was awarded Brightwater Keep for his efforts in cleaning up the remnants. Sansa subtly celebrates her freedom from Joffrey, but also worries about Margaery Tyrell’s safety. OlenneHowever, the main attraction was missing. Prince Aegon had not yet shown up and everyone at court had not dared leave. They heard the rumors. Women calling him the most beautiful man in the realm, soldiers swearing he was Aemon The Dragonknight or Daemon I Blackfyre reborn. The rumors were absurd, truly. Yet no one left to miss the prince’s arrival. Then a beautiful man with golden-blonde hair and violet eyes walks in, flamboyantly dressed, and with the smugness of a man who knows exactly how beautiful he is, he announces “Prince Aegon Targaryen of Stonehelm. Captain-General of the Golden Company. The Deliverer!” In walks Aegon, wearing his signature black and red sherwani, a golden circlet resting on his brow, Blackfyre sheathed on his hip, carrying a different sword. The entire court gasps. Women clutching whatever they could, others resorted to clutching who was beside them. Men snarling in jealousy. He walks. Cersei, sitting beside King Joffrey, has her breath caught and her heart skipping a beat. Joffrey, however, did not realize how huge this man was. And how wide. He has always been curious about Targaryens. Fascinated even. But this was his first time seeing one, and Joffrey felt so small. Sansa softly gasps from the upper floor, her hands on her chest. He looked like he jumped out of a book she read. He was as handsome as the tapestries of The Dragonknight, The Conqueror, and Daemon I Blackfyre. As Aegon walks, Sansa matches his every step from the upper floors, as if stalking him. Aegon keeps walking towards the steps only to be blocked by Ser Meryn Trant who draws a blade and points it at Aegon’s chest. Aegon walks forward, letting the tip of the blade press against his sternum, and tilts his head at Ser Meryn Trant. Aegon, making sure only Ser Meryn hears, whispers “don’t lose your hand trying to be what you’re not, boy.” Meryn looks at Joffrey, Joffrey only waves lazily, dismissing ser Meryn, who sheathes his sword. Aegon turns to Joffrey, raises the sword and asks if he recognizes it. Joffrey’s eyes widen as he realizes it's his uncle Stannis’s sword, the traitor. Joffrey grins. Aegon grins right back and throws it at Ser Meryn’s feet and says “add it to the chair.” Joffrey commands “well? What are you waiting for?! Go get it” at Ser Meryn who hurriedly picks it up. Joffrey says that he would usually say that the realm owes Prince Aegon a great debt, not more so than him, and if Prince Aegon asks anything, he shall grant it. But his mother has already told him that Prince Aegon was promised Stonehelm. So he shall grant the royal decree. However, Joffrey did something Tywin and Cersei did not expect. Joffrey explicitly states that his late father, King Robert, started its restoration a few years ago. King Robert had it even fortified and added barracks behind the castle a few years ago. The castle is  liveable now, with just a few months needed to fully furnish it, if he is willing to spare the gold. Aegon says he could not ask for such a prize when he had already been granted Stonehelm. Joffrey calls it nonsense! Stonehelm was part of his contract with the previous Hand, Summerhall is a prize from the King. Aegon bows and says then he will graciously accept. Tywin looks sternly at Joffrey, and Cersei reaches out to Joffrey’s arm to perhaps catch his attention but Joffrey pulls away and calls for Grandmaester Pycelle to write the royal decree. Aegon says he will wait patiently. The crowd claps. As Aegon heads off to the side, he runs into Garlan Tyrell who greets him warmly. Garlan expresses his disbelief that Aegon is already as tall as him at 18. Aegon clarifies he turns 19 in a few months, but Garlan says that he has already stopped growing at 22, while Aegon still has time to grow. Both laugh and bond over being newly appointed lords and their shared dread of the administrative side of lordship. Garlan suddenly remembers Loras is right there and introduces both young men. Aegon notes that Loras is slightly irritated at his presence. Jealousy perhaps? He had heard rumors of Renly and Loras’s relationship. Perhaps he wanted to be the one to win the battle for his former lover. Aegon doesn’t really care. He knows the type of person Loras is, he’s a tourney knight. Aegon never really sees himself getting along with Loras anyway, Garlan however, was a nice change of pace. Loras extends a hand and a “my prince,” and Aegon takes it and shakes it firmly. Aegon says he will have to leave them for a bit, he wishes to take a breath of fresh air, if such air even exists in King’s Landing. This prompts a laugh from Garlan and a slap on the back. Garlan tells Aegon not to take too long, it seems the King has festivities he wishes to announce. Aegon bows and walks away.

**ASoS - The Red Keep. 299 AC**

**Aegon III**

As Aegon walks towards the giant doors of the red keep, he sees a beautiful young girl with auburn hair, most likely younger than him by a few years, looking uncomfortable as a man with neatly styled hair and an atrocious mustache talks to her and touches her arm. Aegon had never seen such a terrible mustache before. He thought of just grabbing the man’s face and pulling it off himself. Truly, Aegon was so repulsed by the mustache, he almost forgot about the uncomfortable maiden. He quickly interrupts, introducing himself to the young maiden. The maiden introduces herself as Sansa Stark. Aegon bows, takes her hand, and kisses the back of it. Sansa almost forgets how to breathe. The man with the ugly mustache introduced himself as Petyr Baelish, Littlefinger, but before he can talk about some nonsense Aegon knew was coming–perhaps a business proposal, or some garbage these Westerosi lords he was told that they always spew-Aegon simply says, “yes, yes, very interesting Lord Finger. If you don’t mind, I’d like for Lady Sansa to accompany me in my stroll. I’m sure someone else would appreciate your conversation far far away. Off with you” as he shoos Petyr away with a hand gesture, and offers his arm to Sansa who takes it. Before Aegon walks off with Sansa, Aegon stops, and snaps his fingers, then he says “ah. Hold on. Aren’t you the one who called Ser Barristan Selmy a ‘naked knight’ after he took off his helm and cape when he was dismissed?” Petyr tries to explain to himself and says it was merely a jape. Aegon raises a brow and says “isn’t the only thing people know you for is you losing to Brandon Stark in a duel pathetically, and your whorehouses? Now, what gives that man, who spent his days in a bed not being able to walk, and didn't even fight in the rebellion, the right to insult the most honorable knight Westeros has ever known on his way out? A question for the philosophers, that one.” Aegon then walks out with Sansa. As Sansa shows Aegon around the Red Keep, Aegon takes note of the dagger in “Lord Finger’s or whatever his name was” hip. He could tell the grip was Dragonbone. He’d bet gold dragons that it had a fancy blade too. Aegon reminds himself to steal it before leaving King’s Landing. Aegon and Sansa both talk for a while as Aegon waits for the royal decree granting him Stonehelm and Summerhall. Sansa swoons over Summerhall, saying she’s heard how beautiful it was. Aegon says then when he finally finishes it, he’ll invite her. As they continue walking, Sansa asks Aegon if he’ll be around the Red Keep often. Aegon says unfortunately for his nose, he assumes so. He will make sure to bring a perfumed hanky next time. Sansa giggles, starts twirling her hair and shyly says “perhaps there might be some good things about your next visit?” Aegon says, “I guess we’ll see. I will look forward to seeing you again though, lady Sansa.” Sansa is surprised and asks “really?” Aegon says of course! He needs more friends anyway. Sansa tells him “then… I will wait for your visits. Will you come and find me?” Aegon answers “if you want to be found, my lady.” After a few minutes of more walking and talking, they return to the Red Keep. Both prepare to part ways. Aegon tells Sansa it was a pleasure meeting her. Sansa wishes him safe travels to the Stormlands. Aegon asks what she's doing. Sansa says “oh. I shall retire to my chambers, my prince. Today has been an unexpected surprise.” Aegon asks if it's the good kind, and Sansa tells him it is. Aegon performs an exaggerated bow, making Sansa giggle, and she does a curtsy right back. Sansa hands him a blue, silk handkerchief. Aegon asks what’s that for? Sansa tells him it's for his nose. Aegon smiles and thanks her. Sansa, before she turns away, calls out to Aegon and says “I…. when you’re here… I wish to be found.” Aegon nods and tells her that find her, he will. Sansa turns and starts walking deeper into the Red Keep. Aegon smiles to himself as he notices Sansa giggling and cupping her own cheeks. Aegon thinks she’s an adorable girl, and she reminds him of the little girls that used to braid his hair in Tyrosh. Not long after, Joffrey announces he plans to host a feast for the heroes of Blackwater a month from now, so he formally invites House Tyrell and House Targaryen. The crowd starts clapping. Garlan appears behind Aegon out of nowhere and says “looks like we’re seeing each other again shortly!” Aegon chuckles and says that he’s not complaining. Suddenly, Lysono sneaks in to whisper to Aegon that a raven by this morning from lady Ashara stating that the previous lord of Stonehelm is being very stubborn and refuses to give up the castle without a royal decree. She also says that the situation requires Aegon’s touch, and immediately if it's not too much to ask for, before she does something scandalous on her first day back in Westeros. Aegon frowns and looks at Lysono. Lysono raises his hands and says “don’t behead the messenger” but says he already grabbed the royal decree from the grandmaester and they can leave at once. Aegon tells Garlan he has pressing matters to attend to but looks forward to seeing him again. Garlan expresses sympathy for Aegon already feeling the lordship. Aegon just chuckles and pats Garlan on the back as he leaves.

**ASoS - Stonehelm. 299 AC**

**Aegon IV**

As Aegon and the Golden Company sail towards Stonehelm with a 2 day travel time ahead of them, Aegon hefts the dagger twice as he leans on the rail. (unfinished)
